[Music]
it's not easy to find these people
these are the people that aren't just
driving clicks they're not just driving
followers they're actually producing
Revenue when you have them do everything
that you can to keep them and paying
them
[Music]
all right so we're going to talk about
how to build an organization of top
marketing performers but Neil what do we
mean by top marketing performers people
who kick butt and produce results I'm
not talking about just people who are
there who are producing reports for you
I'm talking about top performers these
are the people that aren't just driving
clicks they're not just driving
followers they're actually producing
Revenue in marketing your job isn't to
optimize a quality score your job is to
drive Revenue your job isn't to optimize
search engine rankings your job is to
optimize Revenue now if those efforts
drive more Revenue you should do more of
those tasks like improve the quality
score or improve your searching rankings
but if they don't then you should spend
your time on something else great
example of this is my team started
optimizing for random terms we started
getting traffic for the term Discord on
Google Eric you want to guess how many
visitors we got from that term Discord
many hundreds and hundreds and thousands
over uh four month period and how many
conversions did you actually get zero
zero so what do we do we stopped caring
about that and we started squashing some
of those pages and reduced our traffic
and our rankings and on the flip side we
were talking about quality score a few
episodes ago Eric's first job in
e-commerce you were working on Google
ads this is your very very first job and
what quality score did you get that ad
to 10 out of 10. how much revenue did it
drive zero and what did the owner of the
company or your boss say we got an
argument and he was like how many
Convergys Drive I was like it doesn't
matter because the quality score was
intent
and and Eric and I are laughing because
when we're both young we made a lot of
mistakes like this but that guy who told
Eric that it doesn't matter if it's not
driving Revenue he's a hundred percent
right he was right yeah and we're not
saying this to make fun of Eric or
making fun of me because we've all made
mistakes we're just trying to prove a
point that in marketing if you want to
be a top performer it's not about
metrics like followers and traffic
unless those visitors or followers are
driving Revenue a top marketer or top
performer in general you have to be
driving something really close to
revenue like directly affecting Revenue
so you have to be a Rainmaker that's the
first one the second one is if you're
like top top you better be damn good at
having a network of people and you
better be able to recruit these people
in because these people know how to
build teams around them one of the
highest leverage things is having great
people around you so they know how to
hire other top performers you know under
them as well and then the third thing is
they also know how to motivate and drive
a team as well and so you have to be
someone that is that will not only point
out the problem you will offer a
solution but you're going to offer to
solve the problem as well when those
people come and they're just like hey
can I do this hey I have this idea can I
do this for you they take a big load off
your shoulders and that's what a high
performing marketer is now let's talk
about how you can actually build an
organization of those people go ahead
Neil So the first thing is is usually
most top performers specialize in a
specific channel so have them Focus the
second thing is is once you get one ask
them who else should we work with that
you've worked with in the past that is
amazing because top performers usually
don't like working with crappy people
because it makes their job harder and
they're gonna have to pick up the sack
the third thing and this is actually the
first thing that you should look for the
third thing though is go look who is in
your space who has done that job before
not once not twice but ideally three
times two at the lowest and if they've
been at competing companies in your
space and they've been very successful
with that marketing channel and they've
continually gotten promotions the
promotions part is the key everyone says
they did well everyone says they were
the reason a company drove a lot of red
revenue or traffic but you really never
know but the moment a company promotes
someone and continually gives them more
raises and promotions and different and
better job titles it means the company
found them to be valuable forget what
their job title is it means the company
found them to be valuable right and it
doesn't even matter what they say yes
that's important in an interview but if
a company is willing to give them tons
of promotions like three or four and
they've been there for a while and then
another competitor did the same thing
that means they're good at what they're
doing they're producing results they're
a top performer because multiple
companies in your space keep promoting
them and paying them more yep and on the
flip side of that we've had people that
we've hired that have been at a job for
five plus years or so but they were not
ever promoted and what happened when we
hired we hired the people and they
couldn't figure things out it was like
they were only good at the the original
role and they couldn't Elevate to the
next level and so take it for what it is
but the promotion piece is actually a a
big factor yeah and and it's not easy to
find these people when you have them do
everything that you can to keep them
incentivize them give them some options
some stock some ownership in the company
give them you know talk to them let them
know when they're doing a good job
sometimes a lot of people just want that
atta boy and acknowledgment that they're
doing amazing work but in essence the
way that Eric and I broke down is how
you find top performers in marketing and
to summarize they need to specialize
top performers typically know their top
performers look for people who work for
multiple of your competitors stayed
there for a while and continually got
promotions because it means that they're
not just good based on what they're
saying other people also felt they were
good and saw results they should at
least should have hence they kept
getting promotions and when someone goes
it works or competitive they get one
promotion and that's all right but if
they're getting two or three promotions
that means they're doing a really good
job and then they hop to another
competitor they get two or three
promotions again means that they're
doing a really good job
now if you have any questions leave a
comment below I'm here to answer them
and help you out if you enjoyed the
video like it share it tell the people
about it thank you very much